[petervanderdoes]: https://github.com/petervanderdoes "Peter van der Does on github"
[bloveridge]:  https://github.com/bloveridge "Ben Loveridge on github"
[memleak]: https://github.com/memleak/
[sinbad]: https://github.com/sinbad
[bloomonkey]: https://github.com/bloomonkey
[mallamanis]: https://github.com/mallamanis
[kperi]: https://github.com/kperi

# Changelog

#### 1.0.1-avh

#### 1.0-avh

[Peter van der Does][petervanderdoes]

* Remove trailing whitespace.
* Updated from latest develop branch from nvie.  
  Some features were still missing.
* Remove the submodule shFlags.  
  Instead of the submodule we'll just use the file.
* When finishing a release or hotfix, use tag for back-merging if available.    
  When a release or hotfix branch is tagged, the tag is never merged into the
  develop branch, it is preferable to have the tag in the develop branch as
  well, for use with git describe for example.
* Update license info.
* Bugfix: Typo when pulling existing feature from remote.Thanks to [John Harrison][bloomonkey],  [Miltos][mallamanis], [Kostas][kperi] and [memleak][memleak].
* Wrong variable names in the bare-bones.  
  The wrong variable name is set, this can lead to confusing on what's 
  passed to the script,

[Steve Streeting][sinbad]
* Fixes the suggested name for the integration branch.    
  When git init -d is executed on a repo with multiple branches, the
  suggested name for the integration branch could possibly be the same name
  that was already selected for the production release branch.  
  If no suggested name is determined the suggested name remains empty which
  leads to all sorts of other problems.

#### 0.4.2-avh1

[Peter van der Does][petervanderdoes]

* Start of the git flow AVH release.
* Adds support for the version filter in the commands `git flow release start`
and `git flow hotfix start`
* Adds support for hooks in various commands.

[Ben Loveridge][bloveridge]

* Fix usage of shFlags on FreeBSD

#### 0.4.2

Release date: not yet

* `git flow init` now detects situations where origin already has gitflow
  branches set up, and behaves accordingly (thanks Emre Berge Ergenekon).

* `git flow feature finish` can now be called without a feature branch
  name(prefix) argument and will finish the current branch, if on any.

* `git flow feature pull` now has a `-r` flag, to support `pull --rebase`
  semantics (thanks Vedang Manerikar).

* Various minor bug fixes related to internal argument passing.

* Improved some documentation.

* Better support for Windows and BSD users.

* Add package installer for the Windows platform.

#### 0.4.1

Release date: **2011/02/04**

* New option `-d` added to `git flow init`, to initialize with defaults without
  asking for input interactively.  Ideal for creating git-flow enabled repos in
  custom scripts.

* The parsing issues related to git-flow feature's flags are now dealt with on
  all known platforms.  (Fixed #54, #62, #86, #97)

* Escape queries for detecting branch/tag names.  (Fixed #91)


#### 0.4

Release date: **2010/10/18**

* The flag parsing issues of git-flow subcommands are solved for most
  platforms.

* `git flow {feature,hotfix,release} finish` now takes a `-k` flag, to keep the
  branch around after finishing.

* `git flow release finish` takes a `-n` flag, to skip tagging.

* For consistency, `git flow {release,hotfix}` now, too, have a `publish` and
  `track` subcommand, just like `feature`.

* Various minor fixes.


#### 0.3

Release date: **2010/07/22**

* New subcommands for `git flow feature`:
  - **checkout**:
    For easily checking out features by their short name.  Even allows
    unique prefixes as arguments (see below).

  - **pull**:
    This subcommand allows you to painlessly work on a feature branch
    together with another peer.  This is especially valuable for doing
    peer reviews of other people's code.  For more detailed info, see the
    [commit log][1].

* Easier addressing of branch names by using name prefixes.
  For example, when using:

    git flow feature finish fo

  this automatically finishes the feature branch `foobar` if that's the only
  feature branch name starting with `fo`.

* No force flag anymore for new feature branches
  `git flow feature start` lost its `-f` (force) flag.  You now don't
  have to be in a clean repo anymore to start a new feature branch. This
  avoids the manual `git stash`, `git flow feature start`, `git stash
  pop` cycle.

* You can use `git-flow` in stand-alone repo's now.
  This means it does not assume you have an `origin` repository.
  (Thanks [Mark][2].)

* No commands fetch from `origin` by default anymore.
  There were some issues related to disabling this flag on some platforms.

* Init guesses branch names you may want to use for `develop` and `master`.

* Added super-easy installation script. (Thanks [Rick][3].)

* Added BSD license.

[1]: http://github.com/nvie/gitflow/commit/f68d405cc3a11e9df3671f567658a6ab6ed8e0a1
[2]: http://github.com/talios
[3]: http://github.com/rickosborne

#####Older versions
No change history is recorded for pre-0.3 releases.

#### Glossary
* RFC: Request For Change. This indicates a new or improved function requested
by one or more users.
